So I've logged in to the AWS Management Console
to give you a demonstration of tagging an S3 bucket.
So I'm going to go to S3 and create a bucket.
I'm going to add four tags.
Tagging makes it easier to manage and search for your resources in AWS.
So let me create my bucket,
making sure it's in US East 1,
and just go ahead and hit Next.
I'm going to use tags which organize in a key value pair system.
So my first key,
I'm going to use is going to be team.
My team is going to be logistics.
I'm going to add another tag for project and we're going to call our project mercury.
Let's add one more tag.
Let's add lifecycle, and we'll say that
all the files that go into this bucket are development.
So next, next, create our bucket.
We see we have three tags,
that'll help us organize the data that goes into this bucket and search for it,
find it later, and manage it in the future.
Thanks for following along and go ahead and create some tags on your own buckets.